hey guys today I'm going to do a room
tour so here we go is my desk I do
crafts on it I don't have a computer but
i do do lots of stuff here actually so
have all my craft stuff and so yeah a
garbage can and my chair of course but
it got in the way of the ipad so yeah so
that's my desk it's my bed if you see
there's some stuff animals that corner
and this is my favorite stuffed animal
and then i lay out my pajamas for the
next night and my baked US bank right
here I'm gonna sit down I pet it is my
makeup bag and I'll show you the makeup
in it this these are face crams you put
them on there your face and almost like
face paint and these are lip glosses
these are more lip glosses these are
actual sparkles and these this is nail
polish and that is eyeshadow so that is
my bed it's my dresser of all my toys
and books on here see this popcorn thing
says popcorn ouch and I put my bookmarks
in there and bracelets and I'll show you
what's in there and there's my hamster I
just pile a bunch of books cuz they
don't fit on the shelf now way more in
my closet but i'm too lazy to put those
books in the closet so that's my dresser
but i'll show you the thing that's the
stuff that's in the popcorn so here it
it looks this one i take for traveling
and all of these are
my book works and there's something I
made these bracelets in that orange bag
so i'll show you what's a barrel my
bracelets I made them this one is a
special one and so yep that's it for my
dress and window seat my window see is
where I put my dolls on the table and my
fish so well there's nothing really to
show you accept what do you might know
what this is it's called an Orbeez lab
for those who don't know so I'm going to
turn it on and it lights up different
colors you might not be able to see it
that's turning green blue looks way
better when it's dark but it's still
light outside so i can't really straight
so that's the dresser yeah okay so
here's the next well that's not my
dresser that's um I that's my window
seat there next is my dresser I put on
my clothes in it and all my special
stuff on top so that's it and here is my
closet the last one closet
well that's it so now you can oh wait I
gotta set this down for a sec well now
you can comment down below and tell me
which is your favorite part of my room
and bye have a good time huh I just
think bye